Architecteurs
architects builders architects architects and builders
schleck hours
architect
hello I am model architectors
architect and builders
in fact the project is located in a building of a shopping street of the
downtown dinan on the ground floor it houses a shop
driver side street at the back the garden centers
and actually the customers came to see us because it's a bit dated
around areva's needs
however the new weight so we have
we decided the transfer is in party part of the store in a
area that was unoccupied
so that we discovered cool things including the stairs
who became the heart of the project and we turned around the stairs for
create%
and suddenly we do not have access percent customer welcome it takes
celebrate this
so that allowed us to clear a family surface after a breakthrough
in the garden center so what makes you hang up the garden center to the
street we wished to be very very sober our colors yesterday when it was
selected
a dark brown
a deep red
for flowers to take their place in mind the purpose of construction
in Quebec turf lovers at the time we see flowers that she
feels parking and we traced hot colors where it was necessary
yet in the shop
we have the flowers that come alive alarmed uniboard
so we opted to choose a red wine supported an arm alain delon
supported for the masters can all that is green to 1 was a beautiful
more moderate fallback movement the sheen gives it
this is really beautiful
and on the bench all that is%
colorful flowers and red
on all seasonal flowers
and whatever their date their survival
so the most complicated in the in the project once everything was stopped
took shots what to do the work this week
keeping e-commerce activities in europe option
so we've ironed the singer of times
because we have exceeded
the commercial area
we did the works have the art initially on the wound works the activity
worked and we did our rank this week without leaning
on this team